Hey,
we're live. Quick stream today. A longer
stream later.
We've got a few things to do.
First of all,
uh let's go check.
Spencer sent me some feedback.
Puffernet model text is hard to read.
Okay. So, I mean, he sent me some
feedback that I can use
cuz he's wanted to see, etc.
See where I can put the Discord. I think
if I just stick it here, we'll be good,
right?
chat still work yet? Does
Okay.
Text diagram on puffernet model is hard
to read.
that color.
Okay. So
we can do something about that.
Hang on. Not this one.
One here
and this here.
We're going to just mess with this a
little bit like this for a little bit.
I got to be speaking complete sentences.
My gosh.
We mess with this a little bit. We're
going to try to port the shader also
into Constellation Proper. Um, and then
hopefully the goal is, this is a short
stream. I got to go get a haircut, but
by later today, I want to be able to um
I want to be able to render the trailer
and be done with it.
Okay, this is better.
Hey, Liberty.
What is still missing for the release?
Um,
quite a bit of stuff is still missing
honestly,
but it's like it's mostly stuff I can
handle quite quickly.
Okay, so I agree that this is dizzying.
differential rotation scale, right?
Oh, no, not like this.
Make the rotation 4x slower
and then
try this.
Okay.
Okay. You know what? This is actually
going to be very good. But we have to do
I understand it's dizzying. We got to
make it not dizzying.
Dude, what the heck is wrong with this?
Hey, Jess.
without an agent. Of course, Liberty,
that's way better. This is throwaway
code, though. Like, this is just for
rendering a trailer.
What are we doing today?
Well, I have about an hour now before I
have to go get a haircut because
otherwise, basically, if I don't do it
now, I'm going to be stuck here for a
while.
Um,
but then afterwards,
goal for today is to just finish the
trailer, finish the articles,
and start on refactors.
Why you want to trim it? This is way too
long for me, my guy.
Okay, this is interesting.
We should get a little bit of rotation,
but not very much.
Yeah, I think even 0.1 is good.
Body doubling. What?
That's nice.
I like that animation. That's better.
Nobody's going to be sick off of that
anymore.
color times halo.
This
Can I make the diagram bigger? Maybe
We Good.
And then we got to change the final
text.
running.
video.
The thing is in if I've like if I've
done my job correctly,
it should just be like have Nvidia
driver download docker run like run
shell script done.
I mean, arguably I could do a local
setup thing, but even then it would be
like run the install.sh.
I should have an install.sh.
That would be better.
Maybe I'll do that.
People
got to give this dude some money.
Wait, daunting. But like in this when
it's like that's my pro like that's my
fault, right? I need to make it not
daunting. I need to make it easy.
say no donations. Yeah, go ahead folks.
Like go sponsor Rayson on. He could use
a few bucks.
Buffer's his biggest donor to my
knowledge.
I don't know what comma's giving it. I
don't know what comma's giving him.
All
right, everybody wants tutorials. You
know what? Since I have no idea what the
hell tutorials people want, I'm just
going to like I'll sit down one day
after, like shortly after the release,
and I'll just ask people what they want
me to show, and we'll make video out of
that. How about that? Sound good?
I'll set aside some time for the
community to just like to cook [__]
Was
that centered?
I didn't pay attention.
I don't think that's what I want to say.
I kind of want to put the freaking
haiku.
Oh, I know. We can sequence this. Really
cool.
Have you tried using LM to make
presentation slides?
Yeah, that doesn't [__] work, dude.
Go on. Go ahead. Like, link me one thing
that you think remotely works and give
me any reasonable prompt and I'll show
you how [__] it is.
This is about as close as it gets
because see this is like I'm being super
lazy with the code. Um,
but this is kind of good for just
hacking together some animations.
So, I don't know. We're going to end up
with like 700 some odd lines of C for
the trailer.
Huh?
That's really obnoxious.
But basically just like doing the
world's shittiest RL on human
psychology. Lovely.
I always wonder why the [__] people did
that if it's actually studied or if it's
just like group I think.
See, ain't no way you're challenging
CTAs.
I don't know, dude. Is it actually a
[__] studied thing? I didn't know. I
guarantee you half the people that uh
that say that [__] have not actually
looked up whether it's studied and just
like got the group think on it.
Lo and behold, the scientists ask
questions.
Also, screw you. I'm putting the haiku
on here.
I'll I'll add I'll add a thing though
below puffer as well.
It's 700 lines of like shitty C for uh
the animation. I also I made it no
longer dizzying.
What the [__] is this doing? Being
stupid, it looks like. Oh, moving it.
Yes, they do work.
The CTA will be send 20 gold bars. to
the puffer immediately.
In order to install, please send one
kilogram of gold to the following
address.
Oh, a free install.
Oh yeah. How do you like this? I made it
no longer dizzying.
Okay, this the placement's bad.
Goes at the top.
Okay, the timing is not synced.
I'm also going to take the uh the star
shader for the trailer. You see how like
we have way nicer stars? I'm going to
port this shader into constellation as
well. I think it'll look a little bit
better.
It's a slightly fancier star shader.
making the animation by coding. Not
really given that it's mostly LLM crap,
but it's what I know, right? Like
CN shaders is kind of the easiest way to
do it in my mind.
I haven't read it yet, Jess. Uh it looks
like it's going to save us one to two
months worth of work though in Puffer 5.
It's not going to be directly on the uh
the algo stuff that we're planning for
five. But as far as general improvements
go, it'll give us quite a nice lift most
likely.
I think if I had to pick one other
person doing competent RL in the entire
field now, it's got to be Michael.
Poor guys working in jacks. But you
know, it's forgivable when you put out
some good science.
Why is this thing so [__] at timing?
Like, hello.
Thanks, Google.
Uh,
I don't think he's happy with it with
the amount of [__] he has to deal
with, to be fair.
Michael uh is one of Jacob's students
was working with. It's kinetics. He has
his like Jack physics.
To be fair, it's one of the things where
Jax is not terrible.
What the [__] is wrong with this thing,
man? Why is it like this?
Literally, what the [__]
This is so stupid.
Where's the T?
It's just made a mess as all. It's doing
like some really shitty weird alpha lurp
with time to try to draw them all at
once.
Oh, here it is.
The shitty lurp, right?
We're going to be able to do 10 trail
pretty soon as well. Um, be fun.
I mean, we can already do 10 trail
pretty decent size nets. Anything that
doesn't need a comp encoder.
Let's see about this. Whoops. One
moment.
All right, I got to get my haircut in um
a half hour. What would allow fast
potential? Just need a decent con
encoder or to not need a con of either
of those?
How much do you pay for my haircut
here? It's like 2530 bucks. It's really
whatever.
Just go to like a generic barber, my
guy.
That's way better.
That'll be nice.
There's a bot, right?
Huh?
That's so funny.
And there you go.
Guy who's actually smart is like, "Hey,
you people are just idiots. This is
actually easy."
Like, "Oh, Mo, this is such a hard
problem. We got to do this and we got to
do this and we have to think about this
problem." And then just like, "Hey, um,
they just like the people are replying
every five minutes. They're bots.
Okay, I think this is good. Let's go
check the full animation.
So this is what we've produced in um
this is what we're able to produce and
just Okay.
foundation model for electromagnetism.
That's pretty cool.
Generally it's a little skeptical of
that type of a thing though.
Okay.
This mode done
basically we will be done.
Good.
get touched up a little, but otherwise
fine.
That's good.
Last look.
We'll send this to Spencer.
Yeah. Ray lib and shaders.
I like this.
That would be really funny.
Is there a way I can do that?
Yeah, the puffer is pretty curvy-esque.
Okay, I'll think about that. But I'm
going to send this dispenser for now.
Hey, 97 magic.
All
right, I'm going to call that for now
cuz I got to go get a haircut. I'll be
back for an afternoon stream. We'll be
cleaning up all the articles. And if I
finish that in a reasonable time, which
I may or may not before dinner,
hopefully I can finish that before
dinner, though. And then I have some
refactors to do after dinner. And if I
manage to finish that in a reasonable
amount of time, we start on custom
encoders. Thank you all for tuning in.
The streams will get more interesting
once we finish this ridiculous release.
Puffer.ai for all the things. Feed this
puffer a star on GitHub. It helps us out
a lot. Discord if you want to get
involved. X if you want more details,
blah articles, whatever.